Today, the nine major families held a Zhu Lin banquet
I'm here to state the facts
Tell them to break the engagement
The consequences of destroying the unicorn
And that makes sense.
In fact, it is between me and the nine families
But your Xiao family has to mix me in
First, your grandson is addicted to women's lust
Helping the Lu family everywhere is difficult to enter
One bite at a time
And then your son, my trash, the relationship with the Ye family
Invite this door full of knives
Want to kill me on the spot
Your children and grandchildren are over.
Take a break, is it your turn to put on the battle yourself?
Bring the prestige of the Xiao family to me to kill me, the younger generation of Xiao
Please see the people
The villain has absolutely no such idea
These two of me are retired.
The real teacher has no eyes
suicidal
Come on, the two of them will take it for me.
Kowtow first